Now that we've wrapped up all this air stuff, I figure why not do some more air handling stuff?
Yeah, sorry.
I am serious.
I want to go very quickly through the process of creating a new type of air in our application.
It's going to be really simple and straightforward, and you're going to see how easy it is to add in
some new air handling stuff.
So I want to try to add in a new air to handle the case in which a user goes to a route that does not
exist.
So here's what we're going to do.
We're going to first begin by finding our air's directory.
Inside there, I'll make a new file called Not Found Air Ducts.
So this will be an error that we want to be able to throw at some point in time, any time the user
tries to navigate to some route that doesn't exist.
Any time we want to make a new error at the very top, we will import base error or semi customer.
From Custom Air.
Well then export a new class named after the error we're trying to make.
So not bound air.
This is going to extend custom air.
Inside of here.
We need to define a status code to send back to the user in the response.
So we'll say status code of 404.
And by the way, if we didn't add that in, TypeScript will tell us we need to do it.
So you'll notice that we're getting an error right now saying, hey, you need to implement serialize
errors and status code.
We could define that status code.
We do need to still define our constructor.
Because we need to not only provide some default message, your message, something like let's say route
not found.
And we do also have to run that little object set prototype of things.
So object, set, prototype of this.
And not found air dot prototype.
And then finally.
We'll implement serialize errors and the only requirement for this function we have to return an array
of objects where each object has a message that's a string and possibly a field.
So in this case, let's just return an array with one hardcoded object and we'll give it a message of.
Not bound.
And that should be it.
So now any time that we throw this air, in other words, if we're in some route handler and we throw
not found or new.
Not found air.
And we put in.
I like that.
Then our middleware is going to automatically capture the share and return the appropriate response
to the user.
So let's actually implement a route handler that's going to capture a request to any arbitrary route
that we have not actually defined.
Back inside my index file.
At the very top after importing our air handler, I will import.
Not found air.
From heirs not found heir.
And then after all of our different middleware, so we wire up, but before the air handler we'll put
in an AppKit to star like so.
We don't even have to worry about a request or response in here because we're not going to access those
variables.
All we have to do is throw a new, not found error.
Like.
So that's it.
As soon as we throw this thing, Express is going to capture the air and send it off to our middleware.
And that middleware is going to take the status code.
It's going to call that serialized function, and it's going to generate a response and automatically
send a response back to whoever was trying to access this route.
So let's save this and do a quick test.
Back at post, man.
I'm going to try to go to a root that doesn't actually exist.
So I will try to go to API users, sign up, slash whatever and we've only set this thing up for a get
request.
So I'm going to change this to get I'll then send it.
And lo and behold, it worked.
So we've got a status of 404 not found, and we've got that same kind of exact air structure that we
were looking for.
Awesome.
Now, as I mentioned, this is only going to work with gift requests right now.
We can make it work with any other arbitrary method if we just change, get right there to all apt on
all is going to watch for requests with any kind of method and without any kind of route.
So now we should be able to save that, make a post request to this silly route.
And we'll see the same thing.
Well, I would say that this is not too bad.
So again, that is how we add in some new custom air to our application.
Create a file, create a class, export it, extend customer.
TypeScript is going to guide you on what you have to define in here.
So you have to define status code and serialize errors.
And then throughout the year at some point in time.
And Express is going to take it from there.
So this looks fantastic.
Quick pause right here, and I'll see you in just a minute.